Am Ithrowingyou off?
Nope
Didn'tthinkso

How you doing,younglady?
Thatfeelingthat yougivingreallydrivesme crazy
You're dope have aplayer'bout to choke
I was at a loss ofwordsfirst time that we spoke

Youlookingfor a girl that'lltreatyou right
Have youlookingfor her in thedaytimewith the light
Youmightbe the type if I play mycardsright
I'll find out by the end of the night

Youexpectme to just let you hit it
But will youstillrespect me if you get it?
All I can do is try,gimmeone chance
What's the problem? I don't see no ring on your hand
I'll be thefirsttoadmitit
I'mcuriousabout you, you seem so innocent
Youwannaget in my world, get lost in it
Boy, I'mtiredof running, let's walk for aminute(hey)

Promiscuous girl,whereveryou are
I'm allaloneand it's you that I want
Promiscuous boy, youalreadyknow
That I'm all yours, what youwaitingfor?
Promiscuous girl, you'reteasingme
You know what I want, and I got what you need
Promiscuous boy, let's get to the point
'Cause we're on a roll, you ready?

Roses are red, somediamondsare blue
Chivalry is dead, but you'restillkinda cute
Hey, I can't keep my mind off you
Where you at? Do you mind if I come through?
I'm out of thisworldcome with me to my planet
Get you on my level, do youthinkthat you canhandleit?
They call me Thomas, last name Crown
Recognize game, I'ma lay mine's down
I'm a big girl I canhandlemyself 
But if I getlonelyImightneed your help (whoa)
Payattentionto me, I don't talk for my health
I want you on my team
So doeseverybodyelse
Shh, baby we can keep it on the low (low)
Let yourguarddown ain'tnobodygotta know (know)
If you with it girl I know aplacewe can go
What kind of girl do you take me for? (Hey)

Promiscuous girl,whereveryou are
I'm allaloneand it's you that I want
Promiscuous boy, youalreadyknow
That I'm all yours, what youwaitingfor?
Promiscuous girl, you'reteasingme
You know what I want, and I got what you need
Promiscuous boy, let's get to the point
'Cause we're on a roll, you ready?

Don't be mad, don't get mean
Don't get mad, don't be mean
Hey, don't be mad, don't get mean
Don't get mad, don't be mean

Wait, I don't mean no harm
I can see you with my t-shirt on
I can see you withnothingon
Feeling on mebeforeyoubringthat on
Bring that on?
You know what I mean
Girl, I'm afreakyou shouldn't saythosethings
Onlytryingto getinsideof your brain
To see if you can work me the way you say
It's okay, it's alright
I gotsomethingthat you gon' like
Hey, is that thetruthor are youtalkingtrash?
Is your game M.V.p. LikeSteveNash? (Hey)

Promiscuous girl,whereveryou are
I'm allaloneand it's you that I want
Promiscuous boy, I'mcallinya name
But you'redrivingme crazy, the way you'remakingme wait
Promiscuous girl, you'reteasingme
You know what I want, and I got what you need
Promiscuous boy, we're one in the same
So we don'tgottaplaygamesno more