How you doing,younglady?
Thefeelingthat you'regivingreallydrivesme crazy
You don't have aplayer'bout to choke
I was at a loss ofwordsfirst time that we spoke
Youlookingfor a girl that'lltreatyou right
Have youlookingfor in the daytime, with the light
Youmightbe the type if I play mycardsright
I'll find out by the end of the night

Youexpectme to just let you hit it
But will youstillrespect me if you get it?
All I can do is try,gimmeone chance
What's the problem, I don't see no ring on your hand
I'll be thefirsttoadmitit
I'mcuriousabout you, you seem so innocent
Youwannaget in my world, get lost in it
Boy, I'mtiredof running, let's walk for a minute

Promiscuous girl,whereveryou are
I'm allaloneand it's you that I want
Promiscuous boy, youalreadyknow
That I'm all yours, what youwaitingfor?
Promiscuous girl, you'reteasingme
You know what I want and I got what you need
Promiscuous boy, let's get to the point
'Cause we're on a roll, you ready?

Roses are red, somediamondsare blue
Chivalry is dead, but you'restillkinda cute
Hey! I can't keep my mind off you
Where you at, do you mind if I come through?
I'm out of this world, come with me to my planet
Get you on my level, do youthinkthat you canhandleit?
They call me Thomas, last name Crown
Recognize game, I'ma lay mine's down
I'm a big girl I canhandlemyself
But if I getlonelyImightneed your help (wow)
Payattentionto me, I don't talk for my health
I want you on my team
So doeseverybodyelse
Baby we can keep it on the low (low)
Let yourguarddown, ain'tnobodygotta know (know)
If you with it girl I know aplacewe can go
What kind of girl do you take me for?

Promiscuous girl,whereveryou are
I'm allaloneand it's you that I want
Promiscuous boy, youalreadyknow
That I'm all yours, what youwaitingfor?
Promiscuous girl, you'reteasingme
You know what I want and I got what you need
Promiscuous boy, let's get to the point
'Cause we're on a roll, you ready?

Don't be mad, don't get mean
Don't get mad, don't be mean
Hey! Don't be mad, don't get mean
Don't get mad, don't be mean

Wait
I don't mean no harm
I can see you with my t-shirt on
I can see you withnothingon
Feeling on mebeforeyoubringthat on
Bring that on?
You know what I mean
Girl, I'm afreakyou shouldn't saythosethings!
I'm onlytryingto getinsideof your brain
To see if you can work me the way you say
It's okay, it's alright
I gotsomethingthat you gon' like
Mm, is that thetruthor are youtalkingtrash?
Is your game M.V.P. likeSteveNash? (hey)

Promiscuous girl,whereveryou are
I'm allaloneand it's you that I want
Promiscuous boy, I'm callin' your name
But you'redrivingme crazy, the way you'remakingme wait
Promiscuous girl, you'reteasingme
You know what I want and I got what you need
Promiscuous boy, you're one and the same
So we don'tgottaplaygamesno more